update description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-grid-use-jquery-to-drag-and-drop-rows: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET MVC - How to use jQuery to drag and drop items from one grid to another
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t116869/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to use the jQuery framework to drag rows from one grid to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use the jQuery framework to drag rows between grids.
```
